DFD Level-1 Description
========================

The Level-1 Data Flow Diagram (DFD) provides a detailed functional decomposition of the Digital Twin Based Industrial Automation System. This level expands the single process of Level-0 into multiple interconnected modules, each responsible for a specific operational function.

Major System Modules
---------------------

1. Authentication & Authorization:
   This module verifies user credentials and controls access permissions. It interacts with the User Data store to validate login details and grants or denies system access accordingly. Secure authentication ensures that only authorized personnel can control and monitor the system.

2. Machine Data Acquisition:
   This module collects real-time data from sensors and PLC controllers. It acts as the interface between the physical environment and the digital twin system. The collected data is forwarded to visualization modules, automation engines, and logging systems.

3. Visualization & Monitoring:
   This module presents real-time machine data, system status, metrics, and simulation results to the user. It enables continuous monitoring of industrial operations through dashboards and graphical interfaces.

4. Automation & Rule Engine:
   This module evaluates sensor data against predefined automation rules. Based on rule conditions, it generates automated control actions and alert triggers. It ensures intelligent decision-making and reduces human intervention.

5. Control & Command Processing:
   This module translates user-issued commands and automation-generated actions into machine-executable control signals. It ensures proper sequencing, validation, and execution of commands before sending them to PLC controllers.

6. Alert & Notification Handling:
   This module processes alert triggers generated by abnormal sensor readings or automation rules. It forwards alert messages to the Notification Service, which delivers them to the user through various communication channels.

7. Logging & Analytics:
   This module records system activities and operational data into structured logs. It also supports data analysis, performance evaluation, fault diagnosis, and predictive maintenance.

Data Stores
-----------

1. User Data:
   Stores user authentication credentials, role-based access permissions, and configuration parameters.

2. Automation Rules:
   Stores automation policies, thresholds, safety conditions, and optimization rules.

3. Logs:
   Stores three categories of logs:
   - Machine Logs: Store sensor readings and machine operational status.
   - Control Logs: Store machine control commands and execution records.
   - Automation Logs: Store rule-based automated actions and alert triggers.

Data Flow Explanation
----------------------

Sensor readings are captured by the Machine Data Acquisition module and forwarded to the Visualization & Monitoring module for display. Simultaneously, the data is sent to the Automation & Rule Engine for rule evaluation and to the Logging & Analytics module for persistent storage.

User login credentials are validated by the Authentication & Authorization module using the User Data store. Once authenticated, users can issue control commands and configure automation rules.

Automation rules stored in the Automation Rules database are continuously evaluated by the Automation & Rule Engine. When conditions are satisfied, automated control actions are generated and forwarded to the Control & Command Processing module, which sends commands to Machines / PLC.

Abnormal conditions and threshold violations trigger alerts that are processed by the Alert & Notification Handling module and delivered to users via the Notification Service.

All operational events, commands, and system actions are recorded in the Logs database through the Logging & Analytics module.

System Significance
--------------------

The Level-1 DFD provides a clear understanding of internal data movement, functional responsibilities, and process coordination. It demonstrates how real-time industrial data, automation intelligence, control logic, user interaction, and logging mechanisms integrate to form a robust and scalable digital twin architecture.
