DFD Level-0 Description
========================

The Level-0 Data Flow Diagram (DFD) represents the highest-level functional overview of the Digital Twin Based Industrial Automation System. At this level, the entire system is modeled as a single unified process, highlighting its interaction with external entities and data stores.

The central process, labeled as "Digital Twin-Based Industrial Automation System", represents the complete integration of physical machines, sensors, automation logic, visualization tools, and control mechanisms into a single digital twin framework.

External Entities
-----------------

1. User (Admin / Supervisor / Operator):
   The user interacts with the system to perform activities such as authentication, monitoring machine status, visualizing system performance, configuring automation rules, and issuing control commands. The system provides the user with visualization data, simulation results, system status updates, and notifications.

2. Sensors:
   Sensors provide real-time operational data from the physical environment, including temperature, pressure, vibration, speed, and other industrial parameters. This data forms the foundation for monitoring, automation, and digital twin simulation.

3. Machines / PLC:
   Machines and Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) receive control commands from the system and return machine operational status. This interaction enables closed-loop control and real-time machine operation.

4. Notification Service:
   This entity handles the delivery of alerts and notifications generated by the system. These alerts may include system faults, threshold violations, abnormal machine behavior, and safety warnings.

Data Stores
-----------

1. User Data:
   Stores authentication credentials, access permissions, and user-related configuration data.

2. Logs:
   Stores historical logs including machine logs, control logs, and automation logs. These logs support monitoring, diagnostics, auditing, and analytics.

3. Automation Rules:
   Stores user-defined and system-defined automation rules that guide the automated behavior of the system.

Overall System Functionality
----------------------------

At Level-0, the system is responsible for collecting sensor data, processing machine information, executing automation logic, issuing control commands, logging system activities, generating alerts, and providing real-time visualization. This level focuses on understanding the interaction boundaries between the system and its external entities, without revealing internal module-level details.

The Level-0 DFD provides a conceptual overview of the entire system and serves as the foundation for further decomposition into detailed functional modules at Level-1.
